♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Skye]
"Pups And The Ghost Pirate."
[laughs and barks]
Presenting Her Highness,
Princess Skye of Pup-sylvania.
[laughs]
Dressing up in costume is
my favorite part of Halloween.
My favorite's trick-or-treating. Arr!
I can't wait
for Cap'n Turbot's ghost ship party.
[chuckles] They say the ship's haunted.
It sounds super scary.
[chuckles] It's only scary
if you believe in ghosts.
Ooh!
Ah! Ghost!
Whoa! [grunts]
[Zuma grunts]
[Chase laughs]
[chuckles]
[laughs]
It's just Chase hanging up
a Halloween decoration.
[chuckles] Told you there's
no such thing as ghosts.
Coming through!
[both barking]
[grunting]
Whoa!
That'll make a perfect jack-o'-lantern.
I'll get the top off with
my super jack-o'-lantern scooper. [barks]
[barks]
Now I'll pull the top off.
[grunting]
Got it!
Oh.
This goo in my 'do makes me blue.
[all laugh]
[squeaks]
[chuckles] Happy Halloween!
-You're silly, Grandpa.
-[laughs]
Ah!
So glad you could make it
to my haunted ship Halloween party.
[laughs]
This is going to be so much fun.
[Mr. Porter]
Great job fixing up this old ship.
Thank you, just trying to be
the host with the most ghosts.
[laughs]
Hello, everyone.
Oh, Mr. Porter, I can hardly wait
to try your delicious Halloween cookies.
[sniffing]
Ooh, smells
like corn, worms, and feathers.
Mayor Goodway, I think
you're smelling your purse.
Oh, yes, my purse chicken. [chuckles]
Wait till you see
Chickaletta's adorable costume.
Hi, everybody.
Check out the adorable costume
I got for Cali.
[both] She's a pirate.
-[both] Huh?
-Hmph.
[squawks]
Ladies, gentlemen, cat, and chicken,
legend has it
this pirate vessel once sailed
the waters of Adventure Bay
with a ghost crew.
[cackles]
[gasps]
-[meows]
-[chuckles]
Cali's kind of a scaredy-cat.
Well, Chickaletta
doesn't believe in ghosts.
Neither do I. So there.
Grandpa, is the ship really haunted?
Nah. It's fun to play
at being scared sometimes.
But there's no such thing as ghosts.
Now, step up to the gangplank
and climb aboard…
if you dare.
Nothing to worry about. Come on, Cali.
[meows]
[snarls] Hmph.
[squawks]
[fanfare sounds]
Who's ready to go trick-or-treating?
I am. I love trick-or-treating.
-Me too.
-[all laugh]
Never fear.
Super Chase is here.
Yo, ho, ho and a bowl full of bones.
If it isn't me
arch enemy, Super Chase. Arr!
You've met your match, Pirate Zuma.
[growls and laughs]
-[Chase] Grr.
-[Zuma] Take that!
[growls and laughs]
Ladies and gentlemen,
Rubble is in the house.
♪ Blue, blue, blue hairdo ♪
Sing it, rocking Rubble.
-[laughs]
-Uh-huh, uh-huh.
All right, pups, we'll go
trick-or-treating as soon as I'm--
-[howling]
-[gasps] Magic pumpkin!
-Oh!
-Wow! Pumpkin ghost! Yikes!
[all] Ah! [barking]
Hey, pups, it's okay. It's just Marshall.
Hey, where did everybody go?
[clucking]
Mr. Porter, Chickaletta thinks
that your spider web cookies
look yummy enough to catch flies.
[clucking]
Thank you, Chickaletta.
[growling in the distance]
[screeches]
-What was that?
-It must be the wind howling.
Look at the flag up in the crow's nest.
I'd better get more cookies.
And leave us alone?
I mean, uh, hurry back.
[munching]
Wait a second.
Who ate all the cookies?
Not me, and certainly not Chickaletta.
Meh.
[gasps]
That's so strange!
All the cookies are gone again.
[growling in the distance]
[both] There's no such thing as ghosts!
[screeches]
[all] Trick or treat!
I have some treats.
Do you have a trick?
[laughs and barks]
I have a trick.
Yip! May I have a treat?
Very nice.
Want a shake?
What a gentleman. Here you go.
[grunts] Ta-da!
Outstanding.
Hey, check out my robot dance.
Excellent. You get a treat.
Thank you, milady.
I can-- Whoa.
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
[grunts]
[woman] Great stunt!
You deserve a treat!
[chuckles]
[snarls]
[squawks]
-[squawks]
-[grunts]
[groans]
-[squawks]
-Hmph!
[yowls]
[gasps] Hmm?
[gasps] Why is the sail
going up on its own?
[meows]
[snarls]
[squawks]
Oh no!
Now the other sail is going up too!
[gasps] And now we're sailing away!
I didn't realize this party
included a cruise!
I can't wait for Ryder
and the pups to get here.
They're going to love
the ghost ship party.
Whoa!
-[Alex] Boo!
-[both] Ah!
[both laugh]
This ghost ship is so cool.
[clucking]
[clucks]
Wait for me!
[grunting]
I wonder who's sailing the boat.
Cap'n Turbot, where are you?
[growling in the distance]
[both gasp]
[growling continues]
Ah! A sea monster!
Ah! Where?
Ah! A talking sea monster!
Phew! It's no sea monster.
It's just Cap'n Turbot.
Ah! A talking Turbot!
Can you sail us back to the dock?
Yes, of course,
except I seem to have
misplaced my glasses
in the, uh, ocean.
I can't see anything without my specs.
Oh, sorry, Alex.
It's Mayor Goodway.
See? I can't see.
But it feels like we're going faster.
[gasps]
Oh dear.
We're trapped on a rickety old pirate ship
with a captain who can't see
and a crew of--
Ghosts?
Chickaletta and I don't believe in ghosts.
[growling in the distance]
But we have to do something! [gasps]
[sighs]
I'm fine.
I know who we can call.
[screeches]
[all] Trick or treat!
Hmm. What trick can I do?
Shake? Chase did that.
Hind legs? Zuma.
Speak? We all do that.
Oh, I know.
[clears throat]
♪ Blue, blue, blue hairdo
Uh-huh, uh-huh ♪
[barks]
-[laughs]
-[phone rings]
Ryder here.
Hi, Ryder.
Hi, Mr. Porter.
How's the party going?
Ryder, listen.
We're adrift in the bay.
No one knows who's sailing the ship.
Cap'n Turbot lost his glasses
and can't see to sail the ship.
And we keep hearing
what sounds like, um--
Ghosts! [gasps]
Chickaletta and I don't believe in ghosts.
[growling in the distance]
[Goodway] Ah! Ghost!
Just hurry, okay?
We're on it. No job is too big.
No pup is too small.
[beeps]
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout.
[all] Let's go!
[theme music playing]